well China's been describing the
situation in Gaza as very serious it
says the outlook for the region is
worrisome Katrina use in Beijing and she
sent us this
update China says the situation is
critical that it's deeply saddened by
the huge toll on civilian lives and the
prospect of this conflict widening even
further it's called for an immediate
ceasefire a deescalation an end to the
war an opening of humanitarian channels
and for the UN Security Council to play
an even bigger role in mediation now it
says that this conflict should not be
allowed to widen even further and
China's foreign minister Wang e last
week was quite critical of Israel saying
that its actions in the Gaza Strip had
gone beyond the scope of self-defense
now apart from that Beijing has not been
directly critical of the Us and other
partners that support Israel but it has
condemned any actions that it says
perpetuate the cycle of violence between
Israel and Palestine according to
Beijing the only chance for long-term
peace is the establishment of a two
State solution now to this end Beijing
has sent its Middle East Envoy J Jun to
the region and last week he was in Qatar
meeting with Qatari and Russian
officials he was also in Egypt and in
Cairo attended the Palestinian Summit
where he met with Palestinian leaders as
well as other Arab uh officials
including the Secretary General of the
Arab League now in terms of progress
it's clear that Beijing is doing
whatever it can to meet as many leaders
as possible put this message forward and
apply pressure to both sides but in
terms of how much progress has actually
been made while that remains to be seen
Katrina U alzer Beijing